Why didn't he tell me he was in a car accident?
Where is he now?
Why should I tell you?
It's just a business relationship with him, isn't it?
A woman as stupid as a pig in your mouth
Do you care except for the name?
That's because I don't know
He sang me the cradle back then
The woman who sang
Why didn't he say it?
Is it because he doesn't want to say it?
Do you want to think about it?
What happened on the day of my life?
innocent
How many times have I told you not to embarrass me?
Don't you understand? No
I didn't mean to.
Yes, ask someone to forgive him
Little sister, do you know
How important this project is to me today
Why can't you handle this little thing?
Really stupid as a pig
It's Kang Rirong
He tampered with my fist.
You still want to put the blame on down?
Qiao Bai, go look in the mirror
I see you are not only as fat as a pig
Act like a pig
I see.
It turned out that he just wanted to tell me that day
Jiang Nurou has been lying to me
That's why I'm so excited
He didn't even want to finish the run for me.